FEATURES TO ADD:
- Beginner mode with interactive parse tree during execution, and black box parseInt() and parseFloat() flow charts
- Advanced mode with for loop, foreach loop, and objects?
- Turtle Graphics module
- Image manipulation module
- In the variable selection drop down only list variables that have the correct type. For example input should only be able to select string type variables.
- The ability to add returns inside if statements?
- INTERPRETER (will connect to JavaScript, easier than implementing an interpreter for a homebrew language)

2015-05:
Finished AJAX stuff for functions and project management

2014-08-12:
Stayed home all day to work on web-raptor. Was able to implement a good amount of features including variable selection in assignment and input statement, and expressions in output, assignment, if and while statements.

Near the end I also added a feature where the assignment and input statements automaticallt select the last used variable, so that they don't start blank. Not sure if this is really a good feature as it may be better for students to exprience explicitly setting the variable.  Perhaps an alternate feature would be highlighting that the variable (and or expression) is not set yet.

2014-08-13:
Realized I should probably also keep a dev log. Will try to do a retrospective and indicate what I did when.

Also thought a bit about updating the DB model to have creation, modified and accessed time stamps on the different tables... Still need to add an enabled field to the user table as well.

2014-08-14:
Implemented statement deletion, including confirmation dialogs when deleting if or while statements, by adding a destroy hook on elements.

2014-08-15:
Implemented variable deletion. Variables that are currently assigned to (input or assignment) cannot be deleted (are greyed out, and give an explanitory error message)

2014-08-17:
Implemented functions (adding, switching to, removing). Ran into some interesting CSS issues with function renaming which I was going to implement by clicking on the start ball...

2014-08-23:
Started on parameters, at first my plan had been to add checkboxes behind each variable which when checked would make it a parameters. Then I realized it would be a lot of work, and things would be a lot easier if I simply make a separate parameters area at the top of the variables area, re-using a lot of the code I already wrote for adding variables.

2014-09-01:
While in Chicago I finished most of the JS items, and on the train back I started the PHP

2014-09-10:
Finished user management, and refactored directory structure to clean things up a bit

2014-11-13:
Decided to refactor all the PHP stuff to build a home-grown Very Simple Framework. This will come in handy when teaching WAP.

2015-01-14:
Implemented most of the AJAX functionality, can now create and properly (with persistence) create variables and functions, still need to finish up renaming and deleting functionsn, and implement creating and switching to new projects.
